Hello, is this Grandma Tang's granddaughter?
This woman is so charming
At first glance, she is not Grandma Tang's goddess Xiao Wu
Her name is also Xiao Wu
Is her name Song Wu?
It's not Xiao Wu, it's the same surname as her grandmother
What is your name Tang Wu?
Grandma Tang's granddaughter is not called Song Wu, but Tang Wu, right?
Look, this is Grandma Tang's granddaughter
This is Xiaowu
It was when Grandma Tang was sick that I took a photo of them together. It was him
Yeah, is he really that girl?
Yes, Xiao Wu, this child is so pitiful
It was Grandma Tang who rescued him from the hospital fire
He has no father or mother
Mrs. Tang is also alone
They were poor.
It's unimaginably poor.
I can't even get enough to eat.
But Xiao Wu is very sensible.
I heard later
He went to the city
His city husband treats him very badly
Beat him up
Life is bitter, I have no mother since I was a child
Two sisters
Can I take a video of what you just said?
Hello, ma'am.
The paternity test results you asked for are out
I sealed it for you directly.
Come and get it.
I know, I'll be there later.
Then I'll wait for you.
So we've already met
I've seen it several times.
So you are the daughter of an adult
I should have talked to you more if I knew
So the last time you went to the hospital
It's to see your grandma
Song Wu, Sun Liancheng, Sun Guizhi
I want you to die.
Hello general
The adult was deceived, and the adult's daughter was abused in Jiangcheng for two years
Now the adult's daughter is gone too
I need your support.
What Shen Yi
How do you do it?
I'll send someone over right away
They also have strong people outside the house
They sneak into the summer
I want to assassinate the general while he is seriously injured
You go to find the little master immediately.
Protect the general
Come right over
Go find out
Find the little master at all costs